Software 0.30 base PR (#1041)
astronomer/docs: software/install-airgapped.md

You can also set up your own registry using a dedicated registry service such as [JFrog Artifactory](https://jfrog.com/artifactory/). Regardless of which service you use, follow the product documentation to configure a private registry according to your organization's security requirements.

> ## Step 2: Fetch images from Astronomer's Helm template

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Step 2: Fetch images from the Astronomer Helm template
```
